run a sub-method by using the Call Sub-Method command in your main method. Here are the instructions step by step:

First, you need to create a sub-method or use an existing one from the Sub-Method Library. A sub-method is a method that can be called by another method, and it can contain any commands that a normal method can have. You can create a sub-method by using the New Sub-Method option in the File menu of the Method Editor, or by using the Save as Sub-Method option for an existing method. You can also edit, delete, or import sub-methods from the Sub-Method Library window, which you can open by using the Sub-Method Library option in the Tools menu of the Method Editor.
Next, you need to drag and drop the Call Sub-Method command from the Toolbox window to the desired position in your main method. You can find this command under the General Steps group.
Then, you need to specify the properties of the Call Sub-Method command in the Properties window. The most important properties are:
Sub-Method: This is the name of the sub-method that you want to call. You can select it from a drop-down list of available sub-methods, or type in a custom name if you have defined your own sub-method in the Labware Editor.
Parameters: This is an optional property that allows you to pass variables or values from your main method to your sub-method. You can define up to 10 parameters for each sub-method call, and you need to use the same names and types as in your sub-method definition. You can also use expressions or functions to calculate the parameter values dynamically.
Return Values: This is an optional property that allows you to receive variables or values from your sub-method to your main method. You can define up to 10 return values for each sub-method call, and you need to use the same names and types as in your sub-method definition. You can also use expressions or functions to assign the return values to other variables or values in your main method.
Finally, you need to save your main method and run it on the ML STAR instrument. The instrument will execute your main method and call your sub-method whenever it encounters the Call Sub-Method command. It will also pass and receive parameters and return values according to your settings.


he difference between a sub-method and a method is:

A method is a sequence of commands or instructions that performs a specific task on the ML STAR instrument. A method can be run independently or as part of a sequence. A method can contain any commands that are available in the VENUS software, such as pipetting, mixing, heating, shaking, etc. A method can also link to a deck layout, which defines the positions and types of labware on the deck.
A sub-method is a special type of method that can be called by another method using the Call Sub-Method command. A sub-method can also contain any commands that are available in the VENUS software, but it cannot link to a deck layout. A sub-method can be useful for reusing common steps or routines in different methods, or for simplifying complex methods by dividing them into smaller parts. A sub-method can also pass and receive parameters and return values to and from the calling method.